INTRODUCTION:

This is the Polished Shooting Star patch by yoshimo!

This patch allows you to run Shining Shooting Star without having to run it using certain locale settings.
It also fixes some issues regarding system-specific interpretations.
It ALSO makes translating all scenarios and endings possible for certain languages and easier for others!


INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Move the "THPSS" application to the same location as the "THSSS" application you run to play the game.

2. Copy the "Story" folder to the same place you game is located. There is already a folder named "Story" there, so your system might ask if you want to merge the folders. Say "Yes."

3. Do the same thing with the "BGM" folder. It may ask if you want to replace files. say "Yes."

4. Do the same thing with the "PSSSetting" INI. If this file exists, your system should ask if you want to replace it. Say "Yes."

5. Play the game WITHOUT switching your locale! ...Or, switch it if you want; it shouldn't matter!


ABOUT "PSSSETTING" INI:

Is the font too large for your translation patch? Do you need the font bigger? You can edit the font size in this file! To edit it, you can open it just like a text file. Make sure you only change what is on the right side of the equals sign.

 * Font Size accepts a number with or without a decimal point.

 * If you are constructing a translation patch, you should provide recommended patch settings.


TROUBLESHOOTING:

"The patch doesn't work!"
OR 
"The game crashes with the patch!"

 * Did you remember to copy the "Story" folder AND the "BGM" folder AND the "PSSSetting" INI to the game's location? The patch won't work without certain files. The Story and BGM folders contain them! PSSSetting is also required! Refer to Steps 2 - 4!

 * Did you modify the "PSSSetting" INI incorrectly? Font Size only acceptes NUMBERS, including those with a decimal point.

 * Did you run Polished Shooting Star? Make sure you ran Polished Shooting Star and not the original!

 * Are you talking about the game not being in a certain language? This is NOT a language patch! Read the introductory paragraph of this text file for what this patch does.

 * Are you referring to the garbage text during conversations? That's a normal side-effect of running the program in a different locale. If you have a translation patch, please contact the translator(s) about the issue. They can contact me if they are unsure how to fix it.


CONTACTING ME:

If you cannot resolve any issues using my troubleshooting tips listed above or by talking to your friends, whether it be with the patching process or if the game still has issues after applying the patch, send a message to "yoshimo" on Maidens of the Kaleidoscope, the Shrine Maiden forums. If you do not have an account there, you may send a message to "yoshimo" on YouTube. Still can't contact me? Have a friend send a message on your behalf!

Those who do not speak English may contact me in the language of their choice as long as they mention in English what the language is. This is so that I know how to translate the message. I will always respond in the language of my choice, English, so it is only fair that you have that option.